Readme Update about the Deployment of the App (#29)
fastify/dependabot-merge-action-app: README.md

- Create a service account in the IAM & Admin console to be used to deploy the app
- Create a key for the service account, this key will be configured as a secret in the GitHub actions to be able to deploy the app
- For the service account, [grant the permissions "Service Account User", "Cloud Run Admin", "Storage Admin"](https://github.com/google-github-actions/deploy-cloudrun) and "Cloud Build Service Account", this last permission is necessary since cloud build will be used to build the image based in the source code directly
- Clone this repo to your GitHub account
- In the `Settings` of your GitHub repo, go to `Secrets` and create the `New repository secret` with the names and values bellow:
    - `GCP_PROJECT_ID`: The [project ID](https://support.google.com/googleapi/answer/7014113?hl=en) of your GCP Account
    - `GCP_CLOUDRUN_SERVICE_NAME`: The name of the cloud run service, you can select any name that you prefer
    - `GCP_CLOUDRUN_SERVICE_REGION`: The [region](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones) in the GCP that you want to create the cloud run service

>     - `GCP_SA_KEY`: The key that you created for your service account with the permissions to deploy the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `GCP_SA_KEY`: The key that you created for your service account with the permissions to deploy the app. This is a JSON object and should be used as-is.
```

>     - `API_ID`: The ID of the api to run the dependabot-merge-action-app

Reviewer 2: is this Github?

>     - `API_ID`: The ID of the api to run the dependabot-merge-action-app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `APP_ID`: The ID of the GitHub App. You can get this from the GitHub app settings. The default app is [here](https://github.com/apps/dependabot-merge-action)
```

>     - `PRIVATE_KEY`: The private key to run the dependabot-merge-action-app

Reviewer 2: is this Github?

>     - `PRIVATE_KEY`: The private key to run the dependabot-merge-action-app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `PRIVATE_KEY`: The private key of the GitHub App. You can get this from the GitHub app settings. The default app is [here](https://github.com/apps/dependabot-merge-action)
```
